1.Which of the following layers of the OSI model is responsible for routing and forwarding packets?
Network Layer

2.What is the primary function of a DNS server in computer networking?
 Translating Domain names to IP addresses

3.Which networking protocol is commonly used for securely transferring files between remote systems?

FTP
4.In TCP/IP networking, what is the default subnet mask for a Class C IP address?
255.255.255.0

5.Which network topology connects each device to a central hub?
STAR

6.In Terraform, what is the purpose of a "provider"?
 to define the infrastructure components

7.Which Terraform command is used to create and update resources as per the configuration?
terraform apply

8.What is the main benefit of using Terraform in infrastructure provisioning?
it automates the provisioning and management of resource 

9.How does Terraform maintain state information about the infrastructure?

in local configure files 
10.Which configuration file in Terraform defines the infrastructure resources and their configurations?
Main.tf

11.What is Docker used for in DevOps?

Containerizing and running applications

12.What is the purpose of a Dockerfile?
to define the instructions for building a docker image


13.In Docker, what is a container volume used for?
sharing data between the host andf the container

14.How does Docker Hub facilitate the Docker container ecosystem?
it is a cloud platfom for hosting docker containers and images

15.Which Docker command is used to run a container in the background?
docker run


16.What is the primary purpose of Kubernetes in DevOps?

orchestrating and managing containerized applications
17.Which Kubernetes object ensures that a specified number of pod replicas are running at all times?

reolicationCountroller

18.What is the role of a "Node" in a Kubernetes cluster?
To run and manage containerized applications


19.What Kubernetes feature allows you to automatically scale the number of pod replicas based on CPU utilization?
 Horizontalpodautoscaler

20.What Kubernetes feature allows you to automatically scale the number of pod replicas based on CPU utilization?
To define the cpu and memory resources for a pod

21.Which protocol is responsible for dynamically assigning IP addresses to devices on a network?
DHCP

22.What is the purpose of a default gateway in computer networking?
to connect device in diffennt vlans

23.In Terraform, what is the purpose of a "variable"?
TO INPUT VALUES INTO THE TERRAFORM CONFIGURATION

24.Which command is used to remove resources created by Terraform?
Terraform destroy

25.What is the purpose of a Docker image registry?
to store and distrubute docker images to multiple enviroments 

26.How does Docker networking allow communication between containers in different networks?

By creating user-defined networks and attaching containers to them.
27.What is the primary purpose of a Kubernetes "ConfigMap"?
To manage the configuration
settings for applications running
in pods

28.How does Kubernetes achieve high availability for applications?
BY USING A LOAD BALANCER TO DISTRIBUTE traffic to multiple replicas

29.What is the primary benefit of using Kubernetes Deployments over Pods directly?
development automaticaly scale based on cpu utilization

30.How does Kubernetes manage containerized applications on different nodes in a cluster?
by deploying pods on specific nodes based on resource avalability