1.What does S3 stand for in AWS? 
Simple Storage Service
2.Which AWS service provides a scalable and fully managed database? 
AWS RDS (Relational Database Service)
3.What AWS service would you use to host a static website? 
AWS S3 (Simple Storage Service)
4.Which AWS service is used for load balancing incoming application traffic across multiple targets? 
AWS Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
5.What does IAM stand for in AWS? 
Identity and Access Management
6.Which AWS compute service is designed for running Docker containers? 
AWS ECS (Elastic Container Service)
7.What AWS service is used for sending emails to customers? 
AWS SNS
8.Which AWS database service is best suited for data warehousing and business intelligence workloads? 
AWS Redshift

9.Which AWS service can be used to monitor and collect log data from AWS resources and applications?* 
AWS CloudWatch
10.In AWS, what does VPC stand for? 
Virtual Private Clouds
11.Which AWS service provides a way to set up private connections between a VPC and on-premises data centers? 
AWS Direct Connect

12.What AWS service can be used to deploy serverless applications and functions? 
AWS Lambda
13.Which AWS storage service is best suited for long-term archival of data? 
AWS S3 Glacier
14.Which AWS storage service is best suited for long-term archival of data? 

AWS S3 Glacier
15.Which AWS service is used to automatically provision and manage AWS infrastructure using code? 

AWS CloudFormation
16.Amazon EC2 is a service that provides: 
Virtual servers in the cloud

17.Which of the following is NOT a valid EC2 instance type? 
x1.nano
18.What is the maximum object size that can be stored in Amazon S3? 
5 TB!!!!!!!!!!!!

19.Which Amazon S3 storage class is suitable for infrequently accessed data but requires rapid access when needed? 
S3 Intelligent-Tiering
20.Each subnet in a VPC can have its own route table. 
TRUE
21.What is the private IPv4 address range for a default VPC in Amazon VPC? 
172.31.0.0/16
22.Which AWS service allows you to connect your VPC to your own on-premises network using a hardware VPN or Direct Connect? 
AWS Direct Connect
23.How many Elastic IP addresses can you associate with an EC2 instance by default? 
5
24.When you stop an EC2 instance, what happens to the data on its root volume? 

The data remains intact on the root volume.
25.Which AWS service allows you to set up automatic scaling of EC2 instances based on demand? 
Amazon Auto Scaling
26.Subnetting is a method used to: 
Divide a single large network into smaller ones
27.What is the maximum number of subnets that can be created within a VPC? 

200
28.When creating a custom VPC, what is the range of IP addresses that you can use for the CIDR block? 
It can be any valid IPv4 CIDR block of your choice.
29.How many types of storage gateways are there? 

3
 30.How many types of reserved instances are there? 

3


